what's going on guys black Scouts
survival and today I'm gonna be talking
about wet weather fire-starting and a
lot of times you know wet weather it's
hard to start fires especially like with
a fair cm rod let's say you your fishing
rod you don't have tender it's going to
be hard to find turner dry enough to
take a spark so you want to make sure
you carry items out there especially in
a jungle environment you know we've been
a few jungle videos jungle survival
videos and this is to go along with that
and what we have here is a inner tube
from a bicycle and it's commonly
referred to as Ranger bands and I'm just
gonna slice them up slice it won't open
real quick and this is great tinder
material believe it or not it'll light
even when wet now a lot of people carry
lighters I'm a huge fan of lighters and
usually I carry a standard big but then
if I know I'm going to a wet weather
environment
I carry a big piezo lighter so it's the
piezo electric other other like the
other style is a flint and wheel scraper
style the advantage of this is you throw
it in the water and you can see us
floating upside down there so it's
definitely in there
then we can take this Ranger band throw
it in the water too now a regular Bick
by now you pull it out and you try to
dry it out and there would not be dry it
would be soaking wet and you'll have to
try to draw it out for a few minutes try
to get it like if you could get it to
light the PSL ledger you just shake the
water out and it lights
now we're going to pull that Ranger
bandits up to the bottom out and we're
just gonna light it up
just like that so great tools to have in
a jungle environment wet weather raining
stuff like that is one of these big PS
OS and a ranger ban just like this and
you can essentially you know start a
fire in any situation so hope this helps
check out black Scouts evolved.com for
more tips and tutorials if you have
subscribed please subscribe because we
put out a few new videos every week and
as always thanks for watching